Hackathon Judge Group

--Mission
The mission of the Hackathon Judge group is to maximize the number of developers building on MVC.
The builder grant will be assessed by 5 Team Head from early contributor group + Technical Committee members for the first MVC builder Hackathon.

--Hackathon Judge Role
The following summarizes the basic budget and parameters of the Hackathon Judge group

Budget: Justify the budget used
Grant Size: <Depends
Support: Successful grants require 60% inspector group members to adopt a proposal or approve an action

--Rubric for Proposals
Review Rubric
The Rubric for grading initial proposals should be used by Hackathon members based on the criteria in the table below.

https://mvcdao.gitbook.io/mvc-dao/future-discussion/hackathon-judge-group

Builder Grant Cycle Report
Prior to the beginning of each Hackathon cycle, the Hackathon Judge group will publish the Hackathon cycle cycle report for
categories of projects the judge group believes to have a high likelihood of maximizing the number of developer or users who use MVC technology for each Builder Hackathon cycle. Summary report will be published to the website. Initial categories of interest include:
Product Category: 

A) Infrastructure Track
B) BTCfi Application Track
C) SDK & Tools & Launchpad Track
D) Layer 1 Smart contract Track
E) Specific Job or Feature Development
F) Web 3 Business Integration Track:

Grants from the treasury given directly to builders, projects and protocols are required by the Foundation to be vested 
in three months [33.33% per month]. There are two reasons:

This creates long-term incentive alignment with MVC. The Collective will be most successful with a community of builders
and users who care about the MVCs vision and are on board with the work required to get there. Locking grants helps prevent 
grantees from treating the treasury as a short-term fix and aborting.

Space is a governance token. It is not intended to fully fund an operations or the cost of running a business. 
Locking token grants helps communicate to interested parties that the primary purpose of Space is for governance and 
incentive alignment, not for cash.
